Our team had taken part me many hackathons previously. Also, our team has an experience of working individually as well. 
We have a great coordination and motivation to develop this project. Also, one of our members got through the final round 
of the MLH Fellowship. With our different skillset, diverse mind and fresh new ideas we are working together as a team to 
make this project success.

1. FROSH:

#About website It is a student-friendly and easy to use website. Website provides the following:

Information about the places which are near to their location which help them relax and improve their mental conditions.
Information about the medical facilities near to their colleges like hospitals, dispensaries, meditation spots, etc.
Information about the vaccine availability in different regions.
A platform which provides personal assistance to deal with any of their problem.
A platform where they can raise an issue and ask globally for its solution.
Information about the nutrient content of their daily meal and plan for their diet.
Factual data of protein, fats, and carbohydrates requirements will be shown according to their BMI.
#Tech assets Used ANGULAR framework. Connected with firebase as Realtime database. API's used for fetching data:

Rapid API.
Setu API.
Hosted on Firebase: Hosting URL:https://frosh-c7f60.web.app/
Github URL: https://github.com/NikhilKD/Frosh

2. Billing Webapp with Recommandation System, Payment System, Vendors Ease.

As of now, we've worked on a number of significant projects, including "Weather forecasting and prediction" and "Billing system and recommendation system" 
as part of the Xiaomi Ode2Code Hackathon, where we finished in the top 100. These projects helped us to strengthen our skills and 
gave us real-world experience.

Our idea is to build a web billing application which can be divided into 3 main categories that are Payment, product, 
Vendor which will ease customer buy (Note: The features uder 3 major categories are explained properly in “Features that 
are good to have” part). We can trigger and add features in these areas. In the payment part we can give them point redeems/discount 
coupons based on their purchase, So that customer is satisfied. Second is product Part in which we can build a recommandation system 
through which the vendor can recommand the customer based on their selection and we can store the data and can make many more 
features out of it. In the vendor part we can make easy for the vendor to manage there purches by daily, monthly, yearly report 
and sales graph. Some additional featues that we be added are Product List, Return product and Authentication.

Feature

Authentication is divided into three parts

-manager (can see reports)

-seller (can create invoice and satisfy the user

-customer (can only access reedem coupons)

Project URL: https://github.com/SkullCreek/Ode2Code2.0

3. Patient health history 

Our objective is to create a web app using blockchain to store all the medical history of a particular patient from all the hospitals and doctors.
So, that anyone can be able to access the original information of his health records. Also, once edited, nobody will be able to tamper or 
destroy the health history even after hacking the record. The data will be stored in the blocks of a decentralized server. 
The decentralized nature of the technology creates one ecosystem of patient data that can be efficiently referenced by doctors, hospitals, 
pharmacists and anyone else involved in treatment.

Under Ideation Stage
